>> Steve: We're gonna play with this for
a little bit.
We're gonna take a look at this example.
>> Steve: We'll go to the page, very cool.
This is a really silly example
that takes a bunch of divs, and
you can hit this double-sized button,
and you know what's gonna happen?
They're all going to double in size.
Whoa, crazy, right?
I'm a data visualist, all right, [LAUGH].
It's very cool, I'm doing data vis now.
And they all double in size.
What I want you to do is fire
up your Chrome Tools, and
go ahead and hit this Performance button
here, the Performance tab up here.
And see this little record button?
You're gonna hit that,
and it's gonna record and
you're gonna double the size of the bars.
One time, two times, three times.
And then, we're gonna look at what we
got from the tools right after that.
So let me give you about
three minutes to do that and
then we'll kind of look at it together,
and you kind of explore it first.